I'm find a way through this so I can get
to the top to see if I can get a view of
some howler monkeys that's supposed to
be up here
lots of Naurang signs of Noreen going on
here you can see up here that looks
really like monkey damage to me I don't
know about howlers maybe something like
squirrel monkeys wow that's a good sign
they're pretty monkeys around here looks
quite fresh this is off after an hour of
searching she discovers the hideout of a
colony of bats that feed only on blood
vampires
economic 80 but their leaf-nosed even
big ears their vampire bats at the back
oh wow
they're the stuff of nightmares only
vampire bats are perfectly designed to
feed on blood razor-sharp teeth pierce
the skin and to channels under the
tongue helps draw it up I like the idea
for your sleep Alice around I know crazy
listen my glove you can see where
they've been deprecated down the room
then that all be blood flow a healthy
population of vampire bats signals there
are plenty of animals to feed on
you